you can't handle the truth before I get
started let me y'all help you guys out I
want you guys to understand what's going
on in this video it's not damage control
what I've been doing since 2007 it's
telling you guys the fucking truth now
everybody else's thing going to want to
do this if I problems my console I would
have let you guys know I've been gaming
I've been gaming on this shit now i'm
planning on some different videos i'm
going to go over a remote play although
i had fascinations with remote play with
the ps3 and PSP as well as the ps3 and
PS vita so you guys know how I feel
about it I'm gonna let everybody else
stick right on it I'm going to do my
shit later on I don't need to rush you
guys know me I was supporting a
PlayStation when everybody called this
shit now everybody else you can have
your fun get your views get your subs by
dick riding on what is hot right now
what I'm going to do that's what I've
been doing for the longest time it's
telling you guys the fucking truth now
we're here in the green screen of death
I heard this before in 2005 12th grade
year and people come to school after
they get their brand new xbox 360 and
reporting problems that the Xbox logo
which was also green froze on them the
xbox 360 powering off on them getting
hot fan loudest fuck like a damn jet you
know shit like that now you would think
it's impossible they're five different
people in a row on xbox one will comment
about having the same error now this
something some of these issues is like
439 and am so let's just give them
benefit of doubt and say they just unbox
their shit and started plugging it up
and trying to do stuff and it broke on
that's that would just go be that
generous today fuck all the other stuff
so you open up your 360 oh sorry xbox
one what they're wanting the same right
now what
failure rate they're one in the same so
it's my mistake if I confuse both of
these pieces of shit for one another
because that's what they are it's just
ones real blocky tell them it's a little
bit rounder look at this look at this
I'm stuck at the green screen the green
screen of death as well here we go yeah
me too Oh Edo anyway here's another
different person I'm stopped 200 oh my
god this is just too good I mean you
guys spent the last couple days trying
to tear down the ps3 to your fucking
level cuz you knew this shit would
happen you knew it but guess what just
like a 360 as many of you die hard fan
boys they don't matter how much
microsoft Fox up on you you're going to
support that shit to the end you're
going to gladly bend the fuck over and
just let them fuck you up just all over
this generation dude you're just going
to support the fuck out of these guys
why now we're on the second article xbox
one disk drive issues now we this isn't
new either this this was happening with
the xbox 360 so this is a new butter if
you guys want to take your time and read
this article you can also read this
article you can read this forum if
you're still up I had this form up for a
couple hours now because I was afraid to
know Microsoft what might take this shit
away and delete it some of this stuff
has been on let me go see and go scroll
up here you see this right here mod
removed right there some of the mods are
removing some of these comments and now
it's not pretty cool you know you're
trying to hide the truth that's the
story for another time but we got some
good news out of all of this bad news
it's official the ps4 PS vita bundle
coming out now has a UK rating right
there
for Peggy but i'm pretty sure it's going
to be coming out in the united states
that's pretty big if it hits japan next
year that's going to be even bigger look
out Nintendo with that second screen we
you your time's up man that shit wasn't
the future anyway like I said remote
place been out since 2008 with the PSP
and ps3 so I don't know why the second
screen is new to certain people I see
you guys later it's all there black and
white clear as crystal so you get
nothing you lose